Multi-application Workflows (#4847)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/workflow/workflow-overview.md

[Learn more about child workflows.]({{% ref "workflow-features-concepts.md#child-workflows" %}})

### Multi-application workflows

> Dapr Workflows support multi-application orchestration, allowing you to call activities and start child workflows in different Dapr applications. This enables distributed workflow execution across your microservice architecture while maintaining the benefits of Dapr's workflow engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multi-application workflows enable you to orchestrate complex business processes that span across multiple applications. This allows a workflow to call activities or start child workflows in different applications, distributing the workflow execution while maintaining the security, reliability, and durability guarantees of Dapr's workflow engine.  [Learn more about multi-applications workflows.]({{% ref "workflow-multi-app.md" %}})
```

> Multi-application workflows, enable you to orchestrate complex business processes that span across multiple applications. This allows a workflow to call activities or start child workflows in different applications, distributing the workflow execution while maintaining the security, reliability, and durability guarantees of Dapr's workflow engine. The activities and child workflows called in other applications are treated as remote activities and remote child workflows from the calling parent workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multi-application workflows, enable you to orchestrate complex business processes that span across multiple applications. This allows a workflow to call activities or start child workflows in different applications, distributing the workflow execution while maintaining the security, reliability and durability guarantees of Dapr's workflow engine.
```
